README.md, before:

PokemonMultiCheatPlugin
==================================

This plugin for NTR CFW adds some features to Pokemon X/Y/OR/AS.

### The Cheats

* Wild encounter modifier
 * Species
   * Random/by item count
 * Variation
   * Random/by item count
 * Level
   * Random/by item count
* ItemModifier
  * Item type
  * Item count

### Planned features

* random trainer pokemon
* maybe all Items cheat

### Usage

* Wild encounter modifier(Item bag)
 * Species
   * Press L+A to set the first item count to 721
   * Modifie the item count using:L+UP(+1)/L+DOWN(-1)L+RIGTH(+10)/L+LEFT(-10) 
 * Variation
   * Press L+A to set the second item count to 27
   * Modifie the item count using:L+B+UP(+1)/L+B+DOWN(-1)L+B+RIGTH(+10)/L+B+LEFT(-10) 
 * Level
   * Press L+A to set the third item count to 100
   * Modifie the item count using:L+X+UP(+1)/L+X+DOWN(-1)L+X+RIGTH(+10)/L+X+LEFT(-10) 
* ItemModifier
  * Item type(uses the medicine bag items)
   * Press R+A to set the first three medicine counts item count to 1
   * Modifie the item id(third medicine) using:R+UP(+1)/R+DOWN(-1)R+RIGTH(+10)/R+LEFT(-10)
   * Modifie the item bag(second medicine) using:R+B+UP(+1)/R+B+DOWN(-1)R+B+RIGTH(+10)/R+B+LEFT(-10)  
   * Modifie the item position(first medicine):R+X+UP(+1)/R+X+DOWN(-1)R+X+RIGTH(+10)/R+X+LEFT(-10)

####Supported itemBags

1. Item bag
2. Medicine bag

####known Item categorys:

* 1-16  Pokeballs
* 17-54 Medicine
* 55-70 Battle Items
more will be added later to the list later

### Placement

* X:  /plugin/0004000000055D00/
* Y:  /plugin/0004000000055E00/
* OR: /plugin/000400000011C400/
* AS: /plugin/000400000011C500/


### Credits
* Encounter modifier base plugin [Pokemon Randomize](https://gbatemp.net/threads/pokemon-randomize-a-pokemon-x-y-or-as-ntr-cfw-plugin.397096/) by [KazoWAR](https://gbatemp.net/members/kazowar.133086/)

Commit message:

Added link to the item list in the wiki.

README.md, after:

PokemonMultiCheatPlugin
==================================

This plugin for NTR CFW adds some features to Pokemon X/Y/OR/AS.

### The Cheats

* Wild encounter modifier
 * Species
   * Random/by item count
 * Variation
   * Random/by item count
 * Level
   * Random/by item count
* ItemModifier
  * Item type
  * Item count

### Planned features

* random trainer pokemon
* maybe all Items cheat

### Usage

* Wild encounter modifier(Item bag)
 * Species
   * Press L+A to set the first item count to 721
   * Modifie the item count using:L+UP(+1)/L+DOWN(-1)L+RIGTH(+10)/L+LEFT(-10) 
 * Variation
   * Press L+A to set the second item count to 27
   * Modifie the item count using:L+B+UP(+1)/L+B+DOWN(-1)L+B+RIGTH(+10)/L+B+LEFT(-10) 
 * Level
   * Press L+A to set the third item count to 100
   * Modifie the item count using:L+X+UP(+1)/L+X+DOWN(-1)L+X+RIGTH(+10)/L+X+LEFT(-10) 
* ItemModifier
  * Item type(uses the medicine bag items)
   * Press R+A to set the first three medicine counts item count to 1
   * Modifie the item id(third medicine) using:R+UP(+1)/R+DOWN(-1)R+RIGTH(+10)/R+LEFT(-10)
   * Modifie the item bag(second medicine) using:R+B+UP(+1)/R+B+DOWN(-1)R+B+RIGTH(+10)/R+B+LEFT(-10)  
   * Modifie the item position(first medicine):R+X+UP(+1)/R+X+DOWN(-1)R+X+RIGTH(+10)/R+X+LEFT(-10)

####Supported itemBags

1. Item bag
2. Medicine bag

#### Known Items:

The Items IDs Are listet id the wiki, please help to fill it:
[Item ID Wiki](https://github.com/hartmannaf/PokemonCheatPlugin/wiki/itemList)

### Placement

* X:  /plugin/0004000000055D00/
* Y:  /plugin/0004000000055E00/
* OR: /plugin/000400000011C400/
* AS: /plugin/000400000011C500/


### Credits
* Encounter modifier base plugin [Pokemon Randomize](https://gbatemp.net/threads/pokemon-randomize-a-pokemon-x-y-or-as-ntr-cfw-plugin.397096/) by [KazoWAR](https://gbatemp.net/members/kazowar.133086/)
